Link - https://garuinja.github.io/workshop-task-0/
After watching the workshop video, I tried making a circle in the p5* editor. I used the code "circle(20,20);" and tried to run the code but after it did not work I went back to the video to see what went wrong. Although a circle was not shown in video I thought it would a simple transition from rectangle to circle. After looking back on the video I relearned that for a rectangle 4 parameters are needed the x-coordinates, y-coordinates, width and height. So I changed the code to be "circle(20,20,10,10);" but although it worked it also gave an error message saying that circle() only needed 3 attributes but received 4 so I removed the last 10 and ran the code again which made it work.

I then made the rectangle that was made in the video without the colours. I also then made both the circle and the rectangle move from left to right. I also then tried to make a triangle by taking a look into the p5js reference page(https://p5js.org/reference/p5/triangle/) and learning the necessary parameters for it.

I tried making the circle to move in a looped diamond pattern meaning that the circle would start at (0,200) go to (200,0) then to (400,200) and then finally to (200, 400) before returning back to (0,200). However when I was first attempting this a thought came into my mind "I'm using if statements which would only work once how about I change it to a while loop instead" running this code then made the editor crash and wipe my work.

After my work was wiped I made a triangle again, I tried working with arc so that I could make a half-circle but didn't understand how it worked so I went to the p5js reference page on arc (https://p5js.org/reference/p5/arc/) to try to understand it but I skimmed it and still didn't understand so I decided to just work with what they had in the examples. I then created a circle and a rectangle and to finish it all off I tried using fill and stroke. For both stroke and fill, I just randomly chose a colour for them but I didn't like how thin the stroke was so I checked the p5js reference page for something that would change the stroke size. I found strokeWeight() (https://p5js.org/reference/p5/strokeWeight/) and set it to 5 which I think is an ok enough size.
